Add Strata icons to TableSortLabel (#1562)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/Table.md

:::caution
Placing a "select all" checkbox within the column header is not recommended.
:::

### Sorting

Allows sorting by a single column. Uses the `TableSortLabel` for displaying the sort button. An additional sort description is included the buttons based on [Sortable Table Columns](https://adrianroselli.com/2021/04/sortable-table-columns.html) by Adrian Roselli.

- [Material UI Table Sorting Example](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-table/#sorting-selecting)

> - [TableSortLabel API](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/table-sort-label)

Reviewer: This documentation can be improved.
- Should explain the different pieces more clearly (e.g. "sort description" is too vague).
- Some information is missing, e.g. the `sortDescription` prop used for setting `aria-sort`.
- Use the established term "MUI" instead of "Material UI".
- List is unnecessary.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1562/commits/a583485342bba05af0459921448565e1100c0748

:::caution
Placing a "select all" checkbox within the column header is not recommended.
:::

### Sorting

`TableSortLabel` provides the interactive sort control and displays the current sort direction. The `sortDirection` prop on `TableCell` sets the appropriate `aria-sort` value on the column header so assistive technologies can announce the current sort state. A visually hidden description (`change sort`) is associated with each sort button using `aria-describedby` to provide additional context for screen reader users before activating the control. The button omits the sort direction because it may be read as the column header by some screen readers.

This example follows the accessibility guidance described in [Adrian Roselli's article on sortable table columns](https://adrianroselli.com/2021/04/sortable-table-columns.html).

> See the [MUI Table Sorting Example](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-table/#sorting-selecting) and the [TableSortLabel API documentation](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/table-sort-label) for additional implementation details.

Reviewer: Some minor tweaks following https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1562#discussion_r3591199208 

```suggestion
The [`TableSortLabel`](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/table-sort-label) component renders an interactive sort button and displays the current sort direction. A hidden description (`"change sort"`) can be associated with each sort button using `aria-describedby` to provide additional context for assistive technologies without affecting the column header.

The [`sortDirection`](https://mui.com/material-ui/api/table-cell/#table-cell-prop-sortDirection) prop on `TableCell` sets the appropriate [`aria-sort`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-sort) value on the column header so assistive technologies can announce the current sort state.

This example is adapted from the [MUI Table Sorting example](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-table/#sorting-selecting) and follows the accessibility guidance described in [Adrian Roselli's article on sortable table columns](https://adrianroselli.com/2021/04/sortable-table-columns.html).
```

(let me know if you any questions; I've put thought into each small change)
